# JustSTART: How to Find an RSA Authentication Bypass on Xilinx UltraScale(+) with Fuzzing
This folder contains the complete results related to our [paper](./pdf/JustSTART.pdf) about the [ConFuzz](https://github.com/emsec/ConFuzz) framework.
The respective fuzzer implementations are located in our framework's [/fuzzers](../fuzzers/) directory.
For each board we executed our experiments on, a subfolder contains the `.db` files generated by [ConFuzz](https://github.com/emsec/ConFuzz).
Only crashes were recorded in these files to improve the fuzzing performance.
Further, for each fuzzer, a `.log` file is stored containing the runtime and terminal output of the fuzzer.
A summary and explanation of the content of the `.db` and `.log` files can be found in the [fuzzing_summary](./results/fuzzing_summary.ods).
This table is split into the results for 7-series (basys3) and UltraScale(+) (kcu116/xem8320).
The table structure is explained in the first sheet of the table.



## Commands used to generate the `.db` and `.log` files
We started our fuzzers with the following commands.
The fuzzer names can be found in the [fuzzing_summary](./results/fuzzing_summary.ods).
Note that for the starbleed fuzzers, the correct AES key (e.g., [test key](../static/basys3/test_key.nky)) must be loaded to the BBRAM.

### basys3
Since we used 15 basys3 boards in parallel, we started these fuzzers using the [cluster_fuzzer.py](../cluster_fuzzer.py) script, which splits the test case range over multiple boards, resulting in multiple `.db` files for each fuzzer.

```bash    
(time python cluster_fuzzer.py FUZZER_NAME) > results/basys3/FUZZER_NAME.log 2>&1
```

### kcu116
```bash
(time python main_fuzzer.py -b kcu116 -fn FUZZER_NAME -q) > results/kcu116/FUZZER_NAME.log 2>&1
```

### xem8320
```bash
(time python main_fuzzer.py -b xem8320 -fn FUZZER_NAME -q) > results/xem8320/FUZZER_NAME.log 2>&1
```

**Note:** The passed test cases in the `.log` files also include the failed test cases.
We fixed this bug after the experiments were carried out.
The other values are accurate.



## Opening the `.db` files
To open the `.db` files in the results directory, install [boofuzz](https://github.com/jtpereyda/boofuzz) and run the following command from the virtual Python environment:

```bash
boo open PATH_TO_DB_FILE
```
